Now this is a movie I really dislike. 
It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.
The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks. 
The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets. 
There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.
I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.
The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.
The best part about "Nurse Betty" is it's unpredictability.
Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.
Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this. 
This one just fails to create any real suspense.
I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.
One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen. 
The secondary plot line is incomprehensible and its relation to the primary plot line is mystifying. 
Hated it. 
This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad. 
I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie! 
I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash. 
This is not movie-making. 
The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is. 
So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen! 
I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it. 
I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes. 
Excellent short film. 
Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film. 
I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad. 
Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys. 
The story line is totally predictable. 
I've seen soap operas more intelligent than this movie. 
Bad characters, bad story and bad acting. 
Really awful. 
Not easy to watch. 
Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype! 
It was a long time that i didn't see a so charismatic actor on screen. 
Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years. 
The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie. 
I rate this movie 9/10. 
I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye. 
The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie. 
Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in "At Play In The Fields Of The Lord". 
For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience. 
It never condescends, all the characters have good genuine hearts and believable problems.  
The two main characters may be two of the most believable children I ever saw put on screen.  
They are so easy to love, but even more easy to identify with.  
This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  
The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful. 
The story is also both funny and poignant at times. 
This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it. 
Go rent it. 
However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again. 
It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings. 
Brilliance indeed. 
But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you. 
Think of the film being like a dream.
Simply beautiful. 
Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract. 
It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver. 